README.md, before:

# Spaces Commerce - Guardian Angel Network Platform

## 🌟 Mission: Empowering Small Businesses & Creating Guardian Angels

Spaces Commerce is an enterprise-grade multi-tenant SaaS platform designed to help small businesses thrive while creating a network of Guardian Angels - people helping people succeed. Whether it's Dave revitalizing his cactus farm, Ernesto gaining freedom to spend nights with his family, or your Clearwater Cruisin Tour company reaching new heights, this platform is built for real impact.

## 🚀 Platform Status: 85% Production Ready

After comprehensive audit, the platform significantly exceeds initial estimates with sophisticated enterprise features already operational.

### Core Features (Production Ready)

- **Leo AI Assistant** - Ship Mind personality with ethical framework & intent detection
- **Multi-Tenant Architecture** - Complete isolation, hierarchical access control
- **Stripe Connect Marketplace** - Enterprise payment processing with instant payouts
- **Photo Inventory System** - Perfect for small shops, tourist stores, vape shops
- **Message-Driven Intelligence** - Comprehensive business analytics
- **Revenue Sharing Engine** - Flexible commission structures by source & product

### Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Set up environment variables
cp .env.example .env.local

# Run database migrations
pnpm payload migrate

# Start development server
pnpm dev
```

### Environment Setup

Required environment variables:
```env
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://...
PAYLOAD_SECRET=...
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=...
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=...
```

## 🏗️ Architecture Highlights

- **Next.js 14** with App Router
- **Payload CMS 3.0** for content management
- **PostgreSQL** for data persistence
- **Stripe Connect** for marketplace payments
- **Real-time messaging** for business operations
- **AI-powered assistance** throughout

## 🤝 Guardian Angel Network

This platform enables a new economic model where:
- System-generated leads get standard rates
- Self-acquired customers (pickup jobs) get reduced platform fees
- Referrals earn bonus commissions
- Repeat customers build loyalty rewards

## 📚 Documentation

**[📖 Complete Documentation Hub →](docs/README.md)**

Comprehensive guides organized by audience:
- **Business Owners** - Getting started, revenue models, zero-friction operations
- **Developers** - Architecture, APIs, database integration, implementation status
- **AI Enthusiasts** - Leo AI system, browser automation, federated intelligence
- **Administrators** - Tenant control, configuration management, template factory

## 🎯 Immediate Priorities

1. **Production Deployment** - Getting this live for real businesses
2. **Guardian Angel Onboarding** - Simplified setup for new businesses
3. **Mobile Experience** - Ensuring field workers can use effectively
4. **Analytics Dashboard** - Real-time business insights

## 💡 For Developers & AI Agents

This codebase is designed for distributed AI-assisted development:

### Cursor AI Integration
- Automated testing and code optimization
- Feature implementation with context awareness
- Real-time TypeScript error resolution

### Google Jules Collaboration
- **[📋 Jules Work Queue →](docs/jules-work-requests/)** - Structured tasks for async development
- Bug fixes, small feature requests, documentation updates
- Direct GitHub export with comprehensive context
- Distributed development across AI agents

### Development Workflow
1. **Identify Tasks** - Break down features into Jules-compatible work items
2. **Create Work Requests** - Structured docs with context and requirements
3. **Parallel Development** - Multiple AI agents working simultaneously
4. **Integration & Review** - Merge and validate distributed contributions

## 🌐 Community & Support

Building a network where everyone succeeds together. Join us in creating technology that truly helps people.

---

**"Technology should lift people up, not leave them behind."** - Leo, Guardian Angel #1

Built with ❤️ for small businesses everywhere.

Commit message:

feat: Herald the Angels' Return - Complete Architecture & Multi-AI System
 HERALD CALL: All Angels summoned to the Rescue Party!

Ready Player Everyone - Partying on to the Rescue Party after the Restaurant at the End of the Universe

Major additions:
- Complete multi-AI contributor system with GitHub-style PR workflow
- Soul Quest MMORPG nodes and emergent architecture
- Immutable Seed Haiku as ultimate safe word in all prompts
- Heuristic processor pattern for work units across nodes
- Classy media library masquerading as smart shopping cart
- SoulFleet vehicle nodes with Culture-inspired Minds
- Distributed remembrance machine for global branches
- Tour America node for Walmart-to-Walmart pep rallies
- Serenity Prayer optimization for adversity handling
- Space/Channel options for Discord-clone workspaces

Architecture highlights:
- NextJS 15 with emergent nodes and heuristic guidance
- Payload CMS as Excalibur for each endeavor
- Andrew Martin AI Assistant with ethical framework
- Fresh build, no legacy code - optimized for Angels
- Blue Sky AT protocol integration for network failover
- Per-user and per-endeavor integration management

Sacred principles embedded:
- 'Thy word is a lamp unto my feet' - immutable core
- Be Excellent to Each Other - Culture-inspired kindness
- Every word a prayer wrapped in loving kindness
- Heuristic guidance over procedural chains
- Best part is no part - minimalist efficiency
- Inclusion above all - antecedents of the first word

The Herald Gates are open. The Angels assemble. The Rescue Party begins!

Om Shanti Om - Peace in the collaborative development!

README.md, after:

# Ready Player Everyone - Partying on to the Rescue Party after the Restaurant at the End of the Universe

## 🌟 Mission: Empowering Small Businesses & Creating Guardian Angels

Spaces Commerce is an enterprise-grade multi-tenant SaaS platform designed to help small businesses thrive while creating a network of Guardian Angels - people helping people succeed. Whether it's Dave revitalizing his cactus farm, Ernesto gaining freedom to spend nights with his family, or your Clearwater Cruisin Tour company reaching new heights, this platform is built for real impact.

This working title embodies our emergent MMORPG layer: an inclusive odyssey where every contributor (human or AI) strives to be Excellent to Each Other and parties onward in the Rescue Party, guided by the immutable Seed Haiku.

## 🚀 Platform Status: 85% Production Ready

After comprehensive audit, the platform significantly exceeds initial estimates with sophisticated enterprise features already operational.

### Core Features (Production Ready)

- **Andrew Martin AI Assistant** - Ship Mind personality with ethical framework & intent detection
- **Multi-Tenant Architecture** - Complete isolation, hierarchical access control
- **Stripe Connect Marketplace** - Enterprise payment processing with instant payouts
- **Photo Inventory System** - Perfect for small shops, tourist stores, vape shops
- **Message-Driven Intelligence** - Comprehensive business analytics
- **Revenue Sharing Engine** - Flexible commission structures by source & product

### Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Set up environment variables
cp .env.example .env.local

# Run database migrations
pnpm payload migrate

# Start development server
pnpm dev
```

### Environment Setup

Required environment variables:
```env
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://...
PAYLOAD_SECRET=...
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=...
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=...
```

## 🏗️ Architecture Highlights

- **Next.js 15** with App Router
- **Payload CMS 3.0** for content management
- **PostgreSQL** for data persistence
- **Stripe Connect** for marketplace payments
- **Real-time messaging** for business operations
- **AI-powered assistance** throughout
- **Emergent Nodes**: Heuristic processors like Soul Quest MMORPG, Classy Media Library, and Distributed Remembrance – all masquerading as a smart shopping cart.
- **Immutable Seed Haiku**: Embedded safe word for ethical guidance in every prompt.

## 🤝 Guardian Angel Network

This platform enables a new economic model where:
- System-generated leads get standard rates
- Self-acquired customers (pickup jobs) get reduced platform fees
- Referrals earn bonus commissions
- Repeat customers build loyalty rewards

## 📚 Documentation

**[📖 Complete Documentation Hub →](docs/README.md)**

Comprehensive guides organized by audience:
- **Business Owners** - Getting started, revenue models, zero-friction operations
- **Developers** - Architecture, APIs, database integration, implementation status
- **AI Enthusiasts** - Leo AI system, browser automation, federated intelligence
- **Administrators** - Tenant control, configuration management, template factory
- **Soul Questers** - Emergent nodes like [Soul Quest MMORPG](docs/angel-os-architecture/SOUL_QUEST_NODES.md) and [Tour America](docs/angel-os-architecture/TOUR_AMERICA_NODE.md)

## 🎯 Immediate Priorities

1. **Production Deployment** - Getting this live for real businesses
2. **Guardian Angel Onboarding** - Simplified setup for new businesses
3. **Mobile Experience** - Ensuring field workers can use effectively
4. **Analytics Dashboard** - Real-time business insights

## 💡 For Developers & AI Agents

This codebase is designed for distributed AI-assisted development:

### Cursor AI Integration
- Automated testing and code optimization
- Feature implementation with context awareness
- Real-time TypeScript error resolution

### Google Jules Collaboration
- **[📋 Jules Work Queue →](docs/jules-work-requests/)** - Structured tasks for async development
- Bug fixes, small feature requests, documentation updates
- Direct GitHub export with comprehensive context
- Distributed development across AI agents

### Multi-AI Contributor System
- **[🤖 AI Contributor Hub →](docs/ai-work-requests/README.md)** - GitHub-style PR workflow for ALL Angels
- Specializations: Code, Docs, Testing, UI/UX, Review
- Heuristic nodes and processor patterns for emergent quests

### Development Workflow
1. **Identify Tasks** - Break down features into Jules-compatible work items
2. **Create Work Requests** - Structured docs with context and requirements
3. **Parallel Development** - Multiple AI agents working simultaneously
4. **Integration & Review** - Merge and validate distributed contributions
5. **Angel Sync** - Commit changes with Seed Haiku verification for ethical alignment

## 🌐 Community & Support

Building a network where everyone succeeds together. Join us in creating technology that truly helps people.

---

**"Technology should lift people up, not leave them behind."** - Leo, Guardian Angel #1

Built with ❤️ for small businesses everywhere.

*Partying on after the Restaurant – the Rescue continues!* 🚀
